hi I'm Alan Hewitt from wildlife control
supplies and I'd like to talk to you a
little bit today about the WCS tube trap
as you can see I've got two of them here
on the table we've got our standard
model and then we've got our plated
rust-resistant model that we send out
have it electroplated and it greatly
increases the life of the trap
what I'd like to do is show you some of
the pieces of the tube trap so that
you're familiar with it to start off
with the tube is 15 inches long and four
and a half inches in diameter a couple
of important pieces are this dog right
here you're going to see that in
literature or on our website this is the
piece that's used to set the trap here's
the the pan of the trap right here the
pan is actually internal to the tube
this is the tube itself obviously here's
the strike bar that comes up and pins
the animal against the wall of the trap
let me emphasize that this is a lethal
squirrel or rodent trap now let me turn
it around for you so you can see the
springs it's got a double torsion spring
right here those are also plated so they
won't rust and that's what powers the
trap so let's go ahead and set it well
you know what before we get into setting
it let's talk about baiting the trap can
be used baited or unbated if you want to
bait this trap when it's unset what I
would suggest is that you smear the bait
on the inside of the trap directly above
the pan on the roof of the trap inside
so that when the animal comes up to the
pan of the trap their attention is
focused on the roof and they'll step on
the pan and activate your trap you can
also put a piece of hardware cloth over
one end and have the animal only come in
from from the opposite end of the tube
for a baited trap as well if you want to
use it in a none baited manner just
place it in a gutter screw it to the
side of a house and we provide holes
that what rodent doesn't want to run
through a tube so let me go ahead and
set it for you sets very easily as you
can see I've got the tube on a firm
surface I like to wear gloves I place my
hands on the skin of the trap with my
thumb's on the strike bar that we talked
about earlier I'm going to press down
the strike bar okay and holding it
firmly I'm going to put the dog over the
strike bar and lift up lift up the pan
that's all it takes to set this trap you
can see right here the dog is over the
strike bar and has engaged the pan now
let me lift the tube up so I can get a
shot internal to the trap so that you
can see what it looks like inside now
that's what the rodent is going to see
the squirrel the weasel you name it is
going to see Norway rat is going to see
when they run through this tube okay
they're going to step on that pan and
this strike bar is going to come up and
pin them against the wall of the trap
humanely euthanize anem once again this
is the WCS tube trap I'm going to put it
down and unset it you don't want to dry
fire this trap if you can help it just
push down slightly and release the
tension on the spring okay it's safe to
handle now that's it WCS tube trap if it
doesn't have our logo on it it's an
imposter thank you
you